README.md, before:

# Theodora Document Manager

It is a page in which it consists of managing documents, where the user can; create, update, delete and view PDF, TXT or Word documents. This page is intended to meet the requirements requested by the Theodora company to apply for a job as a frontend developer.

### Get Started

The first thing to do is open the terminal of your code editor of your choice and once there you will have to run following comand:

```sh
   yarn run start
```

Which will run on the 3000 port of your browser, then open http://localhost:3000 to view it in your browser.

Once the previous command is executed, it will continue with the next one;

### API

To run the API you will have to open another terminal in your code editor, then you will have to run the following comand:

```sh
    npx json-server -p 3500 -w Api/db.json
```

The number of port is up to, but you need to make sure that the port is other than port 3000. After that, this comand will run a fake API with json-server. The fake data will saved in the db.json file that is in the Api folder at the beginning of the project.

## About

### UI

The UI was built with; React, react-dom, react-router-dom, react-redux, @reduxjs/toolkit, axios, Bootstrap, react-icons, @cyntler/react-doc-viewer .

### API

The API was built with json-server.

Commit message:

Refactor:  applying atomic design for finally details

README.md, after:

# Theodora Document Manager

It is a page in which it consists of managing documents, where the user can; create, update, delete and view PDF, TXT or Word documents. This page is intended to meet the requirements requested by the Theodora company to apply for a job as a frontend developer.

### Get Started

The first thing to do is open the terminal of your code editor of your choice and once there you will have to run following comand:

```sh
   yarn run start
```

Which will run on the 3000 port of your browser, then open http://localhost:3000 to view it in your browser.

Once the previous command is executed, it will continue with the next one;

### API

To run the API you will have to open another terminal in your code editor, then you will have to run the following comand:

```sh
    npx json-server -p 3500 -w Api/db.json
```

The number of port is up to, but you need to make sure that the port is other than port 3000. After that, this comand will run a fake API with json-server in the URL http://localhost:3500/files . The fake data will saved in the db.json file that is in the Api folder at the beginning of the project.

### UX

Once the previous commands have been executed you will be able to use Theodora Document Manager, to start you can log in with any email and password you want. After that, you will see the Manager Document that will allow you to create, edit or delete a file, you will also be able to view the file you upload in detail, which will take you to the Viewer document where you can view it in details.

## About

### UI

The UI was built with; React, react-dom, react-router-dom, react-redux, @reduxjs/toolkit, axios, Bootstrap, react-icons, @cyntler/react-doc-viewer .

### API

The API was built with json-server.
